A quick look through
the data set shows a number of factors that should be able to
help us better understand more about an individual salary.
They're quantitative factors like the number of hours a week and individual works,
or how satisfied they are with their job or their career.
They're also categorical variables like the country they live in,
their company size, or formal education.
When building supervised machine learning models,
we're looking for a way to take all of these inputs and predict an individual value.
In this case, the individual salary.
We would like our model to find structure and how these inputs relate to some response
variable so that we end up with predictions that
are as close to the actual values as possible.
Let's see how well different algorithms perform on this data set.